Reviewer's Comments:

This is an interesting paper and a clever use of statistical techniques to use
historical data. I would like a few comments addressed and some revisions made
before I recommend publication.

I do find the title somewhat over the top given the uncertainties in Fig. 6! To
me the paper is more about applying a novel (to astronomers!) statistical method
to measure parameters that we otherwise would not be able to. [Ed: A little over
the top is OK for an ApJL title... ]

Comments and concerns:

(1) Since Kepler is mentioned so prominently in the abstract, SONG should be
too, and judging by Fig 1, TLS may be worth a mention too.

(2) Discussion of the scaling relations: Given that there is work that shows
that there might be a mean-molecular weight term in the numax scaling relation,
a discussion of that and the reference to the paper to be given. This is
relevant both after Eq. 3 and Eq. C7.

(3) I understand that the statistical method used has the acronym CARMA,
however, for most astronomers CARMA is a radio array (Combined Array for
Research in Millimeter-wave Astronomy). The caption of Fig 4 was thus very
confusing when I first read it (I, like many others, look at figures before
reading), and for a few moments I thought we could use radio observations to
study pulsations. Please change that to Something like "Power spectral density
derived from the CARMA analysis ..."

(4) Were the same set of stellar models used for calculating Aldebaran's
properties using PARAM and the results in Fig 6? The text is not clear about
this and for consistent results, the same models should be used.

(5) The medalist scale of the models is not mentioned in Section C.1. I.e., what
solar metallicity and abundance mixture was assumed? Grevesse & Sauval (1998),
Asplund et al. (2009)? Please specify. The difference is enough to cause a large
effective change in Z/X and hence deduced stellar properties.

(6) There are other (non-seismic) works that deal with modelling Aldebaran
(e.g., Abia et al. 2012). How do the results obtained in this paper compare with
literature values?

(7) Massarotti et al. are not the only ones who report a low metallicity for
Aldebaran, Liu et al. 2017 report [Fe/H]=-0.27. Sharma et al. (2016) claim
-0.16. The choice of values in Table~2 should therefore be justified.

--------
Data Editor's comments:

The authors should provide the RV data shown in Figure 3 as Data behind the
Figure (DbF). The readers would surely appreciate having this important data set
available with the published article.
